There's one more place you'll often see restructuring used which is inside of a function definition
where the parameters are listed.
We can use the syntax the same de structuring syntax we've seen to destructor an array or an object
but if we put it inside the parentheses of a function definition what this will do is extract or unpack
values from the arguments passed in.
So what I'm doing here is saying I'm expecting full name to be passed an object hence the curly braces
and I only really care about first and last.
So the objects could contain a whole bunch of other things but I'm only going to extract first and last
and use them.
So let's try it out we'll define a function we can use an arrow function a regular function expression
function declaration.
It doesn't matter.
Let's go with function prints.
How about just print in rather than just accepting a person like this and then extracting the parts
we want from person.
If we're going to print out something along the lines of let's go with first last and then title.
So if we pass this runner and we would get Elliott kept Yogi comma Elder if the order of the Golden
Heart of Kenya.
So we could d structure first last and title from person concept first.
Last title hopes the title equals person and then counseled out log here and I'll use a string template
literal to display first and then a space and then last comma and then title and this should work if
I run print runner.
There we go.
Elliot Kip choke a comma holder of the Order of the Golden Heart of Kenya.
But if I wanted to instead D structure the object right here I can shorten my code up significantly
so I'm going to duplicate this and comment out the original and get rid of this line entirely and instead
D structure right here.
So when the data is passed in we'll just grab the parts we want.
We'll unpack first last and title.
We don't need the rest of the object here.
We have person so we could access country if we needed to.
Or let's say there was 50 other properties we would have access to them in here.
But if all we need is these three then why not do structure them.
Just make it cleaner.
Now if I run this code it still should work.
Print runner we get the exact same output.
So that's pretty much that at least for objects.
We can do the same thing with arrays and I'll do a slightly different example here.
I have an array that could represent a GDP response.
If you're not super familiar with each GDP Don't worry.
Some frameworks and some some technologies will represent a response from a website as an array and
each line of the response will be represented as one element.
And if I wanted to write a function that used the status code which is the second element I could do
is defined my function.
Let's go with parse response or something and let's D structure this element out of response.
So this is an array.
If I'm expecting an array to be passed in I could grab each individual piece right here.
So this first element let's call that protocol.
The second element would be status code.
And the third element would be content type now instead of here I have access to those pieces.
And let's just print status code.
Let's do a status column status code.
And if I run past response ops pass response and I pass in my response me.
Open this up a bit.
We get 200.
OK so we're d. structuring in the exact same way when a value is passed in.
This is expecting an array to be passed in and we are unpacking all three elements or the first three.
If there were more we would be ignoring them.
First is up here.
We're doing the same thing but with an object and we're unpacking based off of the property name.
So you'll see this often far more often with objects definitely where you just need one or two pieces
of the object or maybe more than that's fine.
But you don't need every single thing and it's just a nice way to shorten your functions up make things
cleaner and not have to declare variables in the function.
You can just grab them in the definition when an argument is passed in.
And that's pretty much it for D structuring a really versatile new feature you'll see it a lot in the
real world as well.
And I'm going to be quite.